The Vertex Cover Problem is known to be an NP-hard problem, meaning that there is no known polynomial-time algorithm to solve it exactly. 
However, we can use randomized algorithms to find approximate solutions with a certain guarantee.

One such randomized algorithm is the following:

1. Initialize an empty set S (representing the vertex cover).
2. Randomly select an edge (u, v) from the graph.
3. Add u and v to S.
4. Remove all edges incident to u and v from the graph.
5. Repeat steps 2-4 until all edges are covered.

The expected running time of this algorithm can be analyzed using probabilistic techniques. 
Let's assume the graph has n vertices and m edges.

For each iteration of the algorithm, let p be the probability that a selected edge is covered. 
In each iteration, we randomly select an edge, and the probability of selecting a specific edge is 1/m. Therefore, the probability that an edge is not 
covered in one iteration is (1 - 1/m). Thus, the probability that an edge is not covered in any of the iterations is [(1 - 1/m) ^ k], where k is the number
of iterations.

Now, let's consider a specific edge (u, v). For this edge to remain uncovered after all the iterations, it means that in each iteration, 
either u or v is not selected. The probability of this happening in one iteration is (1 - 2/m). Therefore, the probability that (u, v) is not 
covered in any of the iterations is [(1 - 2/m) ^ k].

Since the graph has m edges, the expected number of edges not covered after all the iterations is m * [(1 - 2/m) ^ k]. Hence, 
the expected size of the vertex cover found by this algorithm is n - m * [(1 - 2/m) ^ k].

Note that the expected running time of the algorithm depends on the number of iterations, which is determined by the value of k. 
The larger the value of k, the higher the probability of covering all the edges, but it also increases the running time.

In practice, the running time of the algorithm can vary depending on the structure of the graph and the specific implementation details.
Analyzing the expected running time provides insight into the behavior of the algorithm on average but does not provide a precise running time guarantee 
for any individual instance.

It's worth mentioning that there are other randomized algorithms and approximation algorithms for the Vertex Cover Problem with different performance
guarantees and complexities.
